hey guys this is just gonna be a quick
video I'm just gonna show you what I
wrote for our hauling I work today so um
I'm a japanese schoolgirl today and what
I did with my hair is the pigtails I
curled it with my flat iron I were I
wore this false face the brand is
darkness and it's K and a 9 and the word
circle and says to make my eyes look
bigger but I laying around the bottom I
were matte blush I think it's well
dressed and top it off with minerals
mineralized skinfinish and my lipstick
is Maxwell cyndi lauper eyes are my eye
shadow eye makeup it's um
Urban Decay Naked and widows I am
wearing my jewelry my handcrafted
jewelry and this schoolgirl costume I
don't know if you can see it schoolgirl
costume Japanese and I'm wearing it with
this forever 21 forever 21
um over the knee socks so yeah that's my
Halloween costume for this year I don't
think I'll be going to any other party
so just straps I just dressed up that
work and yeah that's it see you guys
next time thanks for watching bye